I really you're watching TV again yeah
hey I'm not sure what this is I think
it's a just an ad for um things like
commercial for summer what's the point
of doing a commercial for summer you
have it anyway for some native creatures
new arrivals meant new opportunities
allo beautiful lady ladies having a
picnic classic summer yet bit of racket
sports records based sports especially
those prepared to expand their diet and
who's this interesting character that is
that's a bird with the legs of a witch
that's the New Zealand wicker yeah this
is he may be fighters but he's quick to
seize an opportunity
watch out you beautiful ladies the witch
legged bird is stealing your picnic
ladies ladies the birds stealing your
picnic oh look it's taken all of this
it's a very acquired taste and I lose I
just didn't think it made of birds would
like olives
it will it's an acquired taste isn't it
I don't like them but it looks like that
one's just acquired one Justine he's
assembling his own picnic no wonder they
going extinct this is a very this is a
very rich diet that's a very it's a very
European diet I just don't think it's
suitable for a South Pacific good cheese
Oh No well what are the options
delicious cheese's or worms
what would you go for yeah horribly just
go for the cheese yeah
you